# Tea Note Privacy Policy

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use Tea Note and the choices you have associated with that data.

## Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service and Apps.

## Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

## Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a Children under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.